Siteadmin can create companies. Upon creation of a company a company coordinator will be created too. It's mandatory.

Company coordinator can create control forms as well as users for company.

Control-forms can be created via excel file (bulk creation based on rows) or manual (form submission). 
Control-forms are created with businees_prcess, financial_year and cycle. Coordinator will be asked to select values of these three parameters for form creation.

Program will prevent duplicate form creation based on 'financial_year', 'cycle' and 'control_number'

In control forms control_owner field will have email ID of a user, and based on that, user will be assigned a control form.

User will only be able to see RACM in dashboard, once it is active. And for RACM to set active, these conditions must be met.
1. Reminder settings are updated
2. Sample document is uploaded
3. RACM assignment is done. (user exists in table and role is user)

User have to upload a document for assigned control_form and write remarks for sending it for approval.

There will be a centralized approver for all companies. 

This approver can edit some specific fields before approving the control_form, these fields will not be visible to user initialy. Here they are : 
    'effective_or_not_effective',
    'checks_performed',
    'findings',
    'remarks'

Once approver approves or reject user will be able to see the fields listed above, not before that.

If Rejected by approver, user will be able to re-upload document and write remarks again. And re-send for approval. 

Company coordinator will have to upload an excel sheet with some data for each control_form. Program will detect header of that excel and ask coordinator to select a primary column. After that script will select some random rows as sample. Each control-form has a column value control-frequency. So based on that number of rows will be decided. Now these rows will be shown to user as an example.


When RACM is approved after rejection then the document uploaded by user and reason give by approver for rejection will be saved in control_form_history table. (Old document which was rejected will be saved in history)
Rejection history will be populated even if it is a change of decision by approver.


New Unit based IFC Testing model. 

1. Company will have sub-units. If not, then there will be at least one unit by default.

2. Each unit can have different company coordinator and approvers. One coordinator and approver can be assigned to multiple units but not vice-versa.

3. Company Coordinator will manage the unit mapping. Also Unit, Approver and Company Coordinator creation.

4. Users will be seperated based on unit.

5. One RACM will only belong to one Unit of the company.


Company coordinator can't modify the RACM once it is set to Active. For modification coordinator has to first set it to Inactive and after modification set Active again. And user will be notified via email again.
















