Plan:

1. Refine the existing controls, remove duplicates, remove those with empty important fields.

2. Store them in control_library DB table. Most probably siteadmin will upload these controls.

3. User will select existing business process and based on that sub-processes will be suggested by SQL filtering. User will also have option to search a keyword so all sub-process matching that keyword (partial matching) will be listed from the selected BP only. User will also be able to write sub-process without any selection or edit the selected sub-process. 

4. Now based on selected business process list all Risk descriptions, if user selected a sub-porcess from list then display risks for that sub-process on top of the list in bold fonts with other risks for selected business proccess. Filter risks based on selected sub-porcess's id. Same rules as sub-process apply here too. 

5. Same logic goes with area, control objective, Standard Control description, Process Activity and Walkthrough details, Application name.  if user selected a sub-porcess from list then display this for that sub-process on top of the list in bold font, and also display other control objective for the selected business proces.

6. Provide other fields solely based on user input. Like risk heat, Control type (Manual/Automated), 
Control type (Financial/Operational), Nature of Control (Preventive/Detective), Key Control, Control Evidence to be obtained, Whether fraud risk exists? (Yes/No), Control Frequency, Control Performer, Process Owner. 

7. "Procedures to Evaluate Design and Implementation,  Conclusion on Design of Control, Description of Deficiency in Control Design" These three column are editable by approver only, so they are not in the picture.

8. I will apply pattern recognition seperately in the base controls to find out the probability of the values of those dropdown fields. Like which business process is likely to be key control or automatic. So based on provided probability, program must be able to auto select the dropdown fields. We will do this later but keep room for this logic. 



Sieadmin upload scenario.

Upload will be possible only if all required columns exist. For that provide a template to download. Cotrols will be uploaded for a specific business process, user will select it from dropdown before uploading controls.
Columns :

1. Sub-Process 
2. Risk Description 
3. Risk Heat 
4. Control Objective 
5. Standard Control Description 
6. Control type (Manual/Automated) 
7. Control type (Financial/Operational)
8. Nature of Control (Preventive/Detective)
9. Process Activity and Walkthrough details
10. Key Control
11. Application name
12. Control Evidence to be obtained
13. Whether fraud risk exists? (Yes/No)
14. Control Frequency